Add docs about configuration (CASSANDRA-15234) (#193)
ekaterinadimitrova2/cassandra: doc/modules/cassandra/pages/operating/hints.adoc

to the client. If a replica node is unavailable, however, the
coordinator stores a hint locally to the filesystem for later
application. New hints will be retained for up to

> `max_hint_windowin_ms` of downtime (defaults to `3 hours`). If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_hint_window` of downtime (defaults to `3h`). If the
```

|`unset`

|`max_hint_window` |Defines the maximum amount of time a node

> shall have hints generated after it has failed. |`3h` # 3 hours

Reviewer: nit: `# 3 hours` comment probably unnecessary now
